## Attendance
- Sam Spekreijse (Facilitator)
- Josh Lowe (CHFC)
- Will Smart (CHFC)
- Connor Mann (NP HEMA)
- Luke Webb (SCS)
- Nic Johnston (AS&S)
- Alex Nebesky (IFC)

## Minutes
Opened 19:00

Discussion topics and sentiments:

- Objective: explicit inclusion of each of sport, martial art, research. 
	- Nic likes the idea of keeping things fluffy. 
	- Common dislike of certifying instructors. 
	- State aim to be *The* national body for HEMA. 
	- Explicitly calling out regulating national/international competition. 
	
- Do we think in general clubs should be members of national body, or individuals? 
	- If clubs, could need to be established and regularly training for a certain period (1 year) before able to be a member. Members must be voted in. Can be an affiliated club first. TBD: how do we verify regular training?
	- Are dues annual? If so, if a club wishes to leave what happens? When do they lose their vote? How does that interact with dues?
	- What happens if a club ceases to exist?
	- What would be required for a club to be made to leave?

- Need explicit process for consulting on policies as well as voting. 
	- Constitution need only specify that consultation is required, not method. 
	- Policies start either by a request or a submission of potential policy. 
	- Ask all member clubs for input, then draft, then vote (?)

- Benefits/responsibilities
	- If member of a member club, can apply for grants. 
	- Discounts for affiliated tournaments. 
	- Need to be compliant with policies voted on. Use term "guidelines"?

- HEMA NZ should differentiate between policy/requirement and guidelines/recommendations?

- Have 3 (should we change number?) votes per member club. 
- For officers, individuals would nominate, clubs would vote. 5 officers?
	- Anything that beholds the member clubs, the member clubs should vote on. Also applies to procedural policies and the constitution. 

- Constitutional changes should require a different procedure than policy changes. 


Closed 20:23