## Attendance
- Sam Spekreijse (Facilitator, CHFC)
- Aurora Brown (IFC)
- Nic & Maddie (AS&S)
- Stewart Knapman (HEMA Nelson)
- Chris Lynch (AL)
- Lewis Bishop (HEMA Nelson)
- Alex Nebesky (IFC)


## Minutes
Opened 17:07

Agenda:
- Do we want to require unincorporated registration or not?
- Should we have a more formalised process for club obligating bylaws, or does the blanket "talk first" work?
- Go through constitution changes:
	- Constitution changes now need to be voted on by club members only.
	- All members can vote in elections, as before, but we now use Single Transferable / Instant Runoff Voting.
- Do we want some sort of observer status for other interested parties (e.g. SCA, FENZ, buhurt). At present we have no mechanism for this. 

Then:
- What specific policies do we want member clubs to comply with when we incorporate? These should be minimum viable. 
- How do we ensure founding members are compliant?



Sentiment is that we should require members be at minimum an unincorporated society. 
Change 1.6.2 to specify the above. 


Urgently need a bylaw for specific consultation process for bylaws. 

Non-members worth communicating with for specific policy decisions (e.g. SCA) should be covered with wide HEMA NZ member consultation (members of both should be able to bring up potential issues). Also should add explicit duty of consultation, and therefore not need explicit member type. 



Need an event code of conduct bylaw. Specify that resolution process is same/similar to the constitution. 

Remove time limit in 1.7.10. 

Add ability for mediator to refer to subcommittee even if no conflict of interest. 

Explicitly permit complaints from and against members of club members against each other (individuals attending a HEMA NZ sanctioned event)
What are the punishment options here? Could be in bylaw. 



Bylaw for sanctioning events. Who's allowed etc. Possibly included with event CoC. 



Need code of conduct for members (e.g. club members) that they must be compliant with (i.e. a minimum standard of code of conduct for club members). This is the first thing to sort after incorporating. 



Need official symbol (ideally one that works as seal). Put out the call. 



Other bylaws to do:
- Safe operating procedure recommendations
- Membership fees


Closed 18:40
